Marketing agencies charge $5 to $10,000
a month for what I'm about to show you
how to build for free. I built an AI
marketing tool using Cloud Code that
audits any website, copy, SEO, funnels,
competitors, and generates a client
ready PDF report, all with one prompt.
And by the end of this video, you'll
have this exact tool installed on your
computer, and I'll show you how people
are already using this to land paying
clients. Here's the thing that nobody is
talking about. Businesses are desperate
for marketing help right now, but they
can't afford agencies. And on the flip
side, you got people who want to start
an AI automation agency that don't have
the tools to deliver. This solves both
problems. What I built is an AI
marketing skill for Claude Code. It's 15
different commands that analyze
websites, generates email sequences,
creates ad copy, audits SEO, scans
competitors, and even produces a
professional PDF report you can send to
clients. Let me show you how this works,
and then I'm going to show you step by
step how to install it so you can run
this on your own website as well. All
right. So, I'm going to run this on a
real website so you can see exactly what
this does. So, I'm going to go ahead and
type /market audit on a recognizable
website like calendar.com. So, I'm going
to go ahead and press enter. So, as you
can see, there are five agents right now
launching in parallel. And again, all of
this is inside this tool in GitHub that
is completely available for free. It's
going to be linked in the description.
I'm going to show you exactly how to
access this. And as you can see, it's
going to go through and run all of the
sequences and all of the different
skills that are inside. So, I'm going to
quickly fast forward this. And there you
go. So, completed the audit 75 out of
100. And it created this really nice
audit report in PDF. Give the executive
summary. It gives the score breakdowns
about the content and messaging, the
conversion optimization, the SEO and
discoverability, and a bunch of other
stuff. And then most importantly, the
key findings right here. So, you can see
it has critical, high, medium to low.
This is the type of report that
marketing agencies charge thousands of
dollars for and we did this in 2 minutes
completely for free. By the way, inside
my community, I teach the full playbook
for how to turn tools like this into
paying AI business. Link is going to be
description if you're interested. Check
it out. But let me show you how to
install this now step by step and how
you can run this on any website
including your own if you have a
business already. All right, so the
first thing we need to do is install
Visual Studio Code or anti-gravity. Uh
for those of you who already have this
installed, go ahead and feel free to
skip this. But uh Visual Studio Code is
basically a place where you can use
cloud code and you can see the files,
the folders, everything everything else
in one nice cohes cohesive environment.
So go ahead and click on download for
Mac. I've already downloaded. So once
you uh download Visual Studio Code,
you're going to open it up and it's
going to look something similar to this.
Now obviously Cloud Code is already
open, but I'm going to show you how to
install this. If you don't have this
installed, you're going to head over to
the extensions here and you're going to
search for cloud code. Let me get rid of
this. You're going to search for cloud
code.
Cloud code. There you go. This is going
to be the first one. It says cloud code
for VS Code as you can see on the right
hand side. So, it's going to uh show
this. Make sure it's by Entropic. You're
going to click on install and it's going
to install and automatically it will
this little sign right here on the top
right hand corner. It will appear. So,
as soon as you click on this, now clot
code is available inside your Visual
Studio Code. So, it's literally that
simple. Uh, again, I'm going to put the
link in the description for the Visual
Studio Code. So, that way you can
download it from there. By the way, you
can use, you know, Google's anti-gravity
as well. It's kind of the same type of
situation, the same IDE. All right. So,
once you have this installed, you're
going to head over to the GitHub. This
link is going to be again in the
description. I created this GitHub repo
so that way you can just have access to
this completely for free. So, what
you're going to do, you're going to come
in installation. You're going to copy
this. You can just copy it from here.
It's just one command installation. It's
going to install everything. And I'm
going to show you how it looks in a
little bit. So, when we go back to our
Visual Studio Code, so I'm going to need
to paste that command inside my
terminal. Now, you can click on your Mac
and open the terminal from here. This
little black box or the simple one is
just to click on the toggle on top right
here. And as you can see, it opens up
the terminal. And by the way, you want
to make sure that you're saving this
inside a folder. So just create a folder
and open it inside Visual Studio Code.
Or you don't have to do that if you want
if you don't want to do that. Now all
you have to do is paste that command.
You press enter and this is going to go
ahead and install everything for you. As
you can see right here, it installed
everything, right? The market, copy,
email, social, and by the way, I'm going
to go through this in a little bit. It
says installation complete. Now you have
access to all of these commands, right?
All of these u marketing related
commands. The first one is the audit. So
this is basically the main one that's
going to run five agents and do the full
marketing audit. Okay. So that's how you
can have access to all of this inside
your clot code. Now to check this all
you have to do is come here plus slash
or press uh enter slash and if I look
for market there you go. All of these
slash commands are now available for me.
Okay. So now let's go ahead and run this
on a local business website cuz kalani
is obviously a big website a big
company. Uh, I want to do something for
like a local business. So, let's say we
have uh I just searched for San
Francisco Metsa cuz I'm near San
Francisco. So, let's go ahead and say
select this first one. Welcome to
Knobill Aesthetics, right? Met spas run
marketing campaigns all the time.
They've got the cash because their
clientele is pretty um you know,
high-end and usually they charge a lot
of money. So, they have the budget to
run marketing. So, I'm just going to go
ahead and literally just copy their
website, right? So, I'm just going to do
copy and then we're going to go back to
my Visual Studio Code and we're going to
do a full market audit on this. So, that
way uh while while it's running, I'm
going to explain exactly what's going
on. So, I'm just going to type market
audit and I'm just going to paste this.
So, I'm going to press enter. Now, what
you will see is let me get rid of the
terminal here so that way you can see
what's going on. As you can see, now
it's going to go ahead and thinking it
says update tool. all of these five six
different steps that you're seeing here,
this is coming in from our um GitHub
repository. So now it's going to ask me
a bunch of questions uh permissions to
allow it to access multiple domains. So
I'm just going to say yes. So just make
sure you go through that and I'm going
to let this run in the background while
I explain exactly what's going on and I
can explain this uh GitHub repository.
All right. So what right now is when we
installed that you have these five
parallel agents that are running each
one agent is for content and message
analysis, conversion optimization, SEO
discovery. All of this is coming in from
our skills. So, inside this GitHub
repository, you've got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 different skills that
uh you have access to this market audit,
which is the one that we just add. So,
if I click on this, inside each of these
folders, there's an skill.md, which is a
markdown file, which basically gives
Claude the ability to become a expert on
a specific topic, right? Because
obviously claude code is a general AI
assistant. If you want to give it the
ability to become expert or give it
instruction to do something specific
which you call you basically put that
instruction in a file called skill.md.
Now as you can see inside this market
audit skill I have full instructions on
what it's supposed to do. So the first
one fa the first phase is discovery in
pre-analysis. And what this one does
says before launching sub agents perform
these discovery steps. It's going to
fetch the target URL which is basically
our website that we added. It's going to
detect the business type. What kind of
business is this? Right? Is it SAS? Is
the e-commerce local business creator
course or whatever it need? It's going
to identify key pages the homepage. So
it's going to have full access to that
internet or the website and it's the
phase two is going to be running
analysis par parallel sub aing
execution. So it's going to launch five
sub aents simultaneously using cloud
code sub aent capability. Each sub agent
receives a business type. So sub aent
one is going to research and focus on
market content. Sub aent two is going to
fe feature on market conversion, market
competitive, uh and then market
technical and market strategy. Each of
these agents are doing something
separately and they're all running
simultaneously. So as you can imagine,
this is a very powerful tool because you
have multiple agents running at the same
time and doing their own thing. And if I
go back to my uh oh it's asking for more
permissions. So as you can see right
here if I go to the top. So the first
two phases are done. Now it's launching
five parallel marketing sub aents. And
all of this is happening by the way
according to this markdown file because
in this market audit skill.md file we're
giving these specific instructions and
that's exactly what clot code is
following right now. Right? So that's
why it's going through and asking these
different permissions. It's going to go
ahead and ask for allow them to search
the query for different things. So I'm
just going to go ahead and keep allowing
this thing. And afterwards, um, as you
can see right here, so after all of this
is done, uh, it's going to in the bottom
or in the the last phase is just
displaying, uh, the summary, right? And
then afterwards, we can actually run a
report, a PDF report on this. So let's
go ahead and let this. So another few
skills. Um, so the next one that I want
to point out, obviously it has all 15
skills. I'm not going to go through all
of them. This is another one that's kind
of an important one. This is a market
competitor. So you can, by the way, run
these separately as well if you just
want to find out who are the competitors
and do competitor analysis for a
particular website. Instead of running
/market- audit, you just run /market-
competitors, right? And same thing if
you want to have funnels, landing page,
all of that stuff is separate ones as
well. You don't have to run the market
audit. Uh but the competitor for
instance this is going to do what this
is going to do is going to identify the
comp competitors across three tiers. You
got direct competitors, indirect
competitors and aspirational competitors
and it's going to take a look out and
it's going to look for different
discovery methods obviously and then
afterwards it's going to collect the
data and then it's going to do a proper
analysis framework. So again all of this
is being done based on this skill.md
file that you have access to. So all you
have to do is just through from your
cloud code just basically run these
commands depending on what you're
looking for and everything else will be
automatically run inside C clot code
based on the file that it has access to.
So that's where again you don't have to
have any coding background. This is just
basically giving you the ability to
become a full marketing agent and have
start your own agency without the need
for you to build anything because cloud
code takes care of it all of it by
itself with this tool that you have
access to. All right. So, it looks like
it finished the sub agents. Says all
five sub aents have completed. Let me
synthesize the score and write a final
report. So, I'm going to allow this one
more time. And I think now it's writing
the marketing audit. So, let's go ahead
and let this finish. All right. And it
looks like it went through and finished
everything. So, updated uh update
to-dos. All done. So, as you can see
right here, it generated this marketing
audit complete business knobill
aesthetics met spa. It gave a marketing
score of 64 out of 100 and different
versions. So now obviously this is uh
not that great to look at because it's
inside our cloud code. Now if we want to
generate that nice PDF report just like
we showed for the calendarly one. So all
I have to do is now again same thing
because we have access to that PDF
report generate PDF report right this
one market report PDF. So all we have to
do is inside clot code press slash or
enter slash I'm going to look for market
oops market. And as you can see right
here, market-report-
PDF. I'm just going to press tab so that
way uh it fills it in. And all I have to
do is press enter. So now it's going to
do is it's going to generate a PDF of
this uh report with that nice kind of
formatting and visuals and everything.
So I'm just going to allow Python 3 to
be installed. Um and it's going to go
ahead and generate on lefth hand side.
So right now, as you can see on the left
hand side, I have that marketing report
for kalle.com. So now it's going to
generate another one for this Knobill
aesthetics. All right, perfect. So it
generated the P PDF report. So PDF
report generated successfully. And then
on the left hand side, as you can see
right here, I have my Knobill uh
aesthetics PDF. So I'm just going to
click on this and this is going to open
this thing up. Let me maximize this a
little bit. There you go. Look how nice
looking. This is way better to read than
uh the cloud code one. So there you go.
You have your marketing audit report,
right? Knobill Aesthetics, the website,
the date, you've got the overall score.
So, you got 64 out of 100, which is C
minus, and it gives you the executive
summary of what this is about, why the
scores, and then on the bottom, you have
the score breakdown of what's, you know,
what's good, what's average, what's C
minus, what could be approved, right? As
you see right here. So, the only thing
that's good is the brand and the trust.
Everything else is average, which means
there's lots of room for improvement.
And if I scroll down to the bottom, you
have these key findings, right? severity
and then the findings. So the first one
is critical Botox package pricing
inconsistency. The Botox page lists 100
units at 1,400 save 400 while the
specials page list the same package at
1500 save 300. Now again these are the
really cool critical findings that that
this tool generates that you can
literally send this to this business and
say hey look here are the uh reports
that I found. Here are the critical
mistakes. Uh let's jump on a call. I
would love to show you how you can
improve. And that's why I was talking
about as far as as far as making money
with this is like if you send something
like this for free to a client, to a
business, they're surely going to take
this because there's so much value in
this for free that they would love. And
a lot of times, by the way, a lot of
these businesses, they're not there to
do all of this by themselves, right? So
if you provide them something free that
shows them that you know what you're
talking about and especially these
critical findings and what are the
different prioritized action plans that
you can do then that's something that
they will highly most likely jump on a
call with you and you can provide a
service saying hey you know on a $2 to
$5,000 a month marketing retainer
depending on where you live. So that's
where the price would be different. Uh
you can say hey I'm going to I'm going
to provide these services for you. I can
make these improvements for you. Right?
And that's where in the bottom you have
these action plan that you can literally
just follow this. You don't have to do
much. Just literally follow what um um
cloud code is giving you. Right? So that
was the first critical finding. The
second is zero metadata description
across entire site. Google autogenerates
all search snippets results and blah
blah blah. Right? So the uh
click-through rates from um search
engines. So it's just talking about
that. Now, of course, there's a bunch of
other stuff here that you can focus on.
And again, you have this prioritize
action plan, quick wins, fix the Botox
package pricing in inconsistently
immediately, right? Add metadata, add
FAQ page, JSON, LD, schema markup.
Again, a lot of these businesses, they
don't know what these things are, right?
So, that's why I'm saying if you send
this as a as a PDF report and give them
this value already because this they
will understand, right? that the Botox
package pricing can get that they will
definitely understand but this they
won't. So that's where you can jump in
and say hey I can fix this and it's very
like I said all you have to do is
literally talk to clot code and tell it
to how do I do this and it will generate
uh step-by-step plan for you again. So
it gives you the quick wins for this
week, medium to uh medium-term 1 to 3
months, strategic 3 to 6 months. And
this is where you can act as that
consultant who can be on a retainer,
right? So all of this is generated nice
and um well, you know, very easy to
read. And at the bottom, this is the
competitive landscape, right? You have
it talks about the different competitors
for this particular uh med spa. You have
Haze Valley Medical Aesthetics, Skin
Spirit, San Francisco, Serenity, Medspa.
These are, by the way, real businesses
that liv that's that that are in San
Francisco. And as you can see right
here, it talks about their social proof,
their pricing, their content, right? So
all of this is something that could be
very very wellreceived by a client and
all of all of the descriptions, by the
way, everything the methodology in the
bottom it describes. So that way when a
client sees this, they don't get
confused. Okay. So again, super cool
tool to uh play with. So check out again
the GitHub repository is going to be
completely for free. You guys can just
download it just like I showed you. Run
it on your own business on your own
local business. See uh um see the
results and again if you're interested
in learning actually how to build the
system and how to price this properly uh
check out the community link is going to
be description. If you like this video
make sure you like subscribe and let me
know in the comments if you want me to
build any other uh skills uh with cloud
code that would be useful for another
industry. I would love to uh build this
out for you guys. Thanks for watching
and I'll see you in the next one.